hi my name is Tom miles I live in
Albuquerque New Mexico and I just bought
a new Canon HF 200 camcorder I was
looking for something that did
high-definition that I had an external
microphone adapter and cost under $600
chatted with a few friends and ended up
getting the Canon and I'm very pleased
that I got it however very shortly after
I got it and began shooting
I discovered a problem I didn't know how
to download from the HF 200 to iMovie on
my iMac I went online with Google and
found a lot of confusion and not very
many workable answers well make a long
story short I stumbled across the
solution that works just fine I've
created a PowerPoint that describes that
that I'd like to share next hope you
enjoy
to begin with only Intel processor max
can capture and edit high-definition
footage my configuration is an iMac
running OS X 10.5 point eight and iMovie
o nine
I'm assuming that you had some time to
explore the hf 200 and know what the
various components are the first step is
connecting the power supply second
you'll turn the hh-f 200 on and then
you'll use the LCD panel menu to select
component output of either 480i or 1080i
then setup video playback mode then
select USB connector type computer
printer
next attach the hf 200 to your computer
using the USB connector the camcorder
should appear on the desktop as Kennan
HDD if you're using hf 10 11 20 or hg 20
and 21 with internal flash memory and a
memory card it will display as 2 cannon
HDDs
once you're in iMovie you'll select the
hf 200 as the input then you can select
upload all or you can highlight the
scenes you wish to upload and iMovie
will then upload them as you would
expect the 960 by 540 file size will be
about one-third the size of the full
original file style selection with as
near as I can tell little apparent
difference in quality
after the upload the hf 200 LCD panel
will continue to warn you to not
disconnect or turn the camcorder off
you'll need to eject the canon HDD by
clicking its triangle in the finder also
clicking done in iMovie seems to do the
same thing you can then safely
disconnect the USB cable and begin
working in iMovie to build a project and
edit your movie
well there you have it I'd really be
interested in hearing how it works for
you
just leave a comment on my youtube video
here thanks have a good day